1. notably /'nəʊtəblɪ/: đáng kể, đáng chú ý; đặc biệt là, nhất là. 
Ex:


2. concern /kən'sə:n/: 
    + (v): 
        - Relate to; be about. 
        Ex: The story concerns a friend of mine. 
        The report is mainly concerned with 1984 onwards (/'ɑnwə(r)dz/). 
        Analysis is concerned with determining (/dɪ'tɜːmɪn/) the structure and identify (/aɪ'dentɪfaɪ/) of a compound (/'kɒmpaʊnd/). 
        The final factor is concerned with differences (/'dɪfrəns/) in study design (/dɪ'zaɪn/). 
        In fact, there is a branch of philosophy (/fɪ'lɑsəfɪ/) that is concerned with the study of the nature (/'neɪtʃə(r)/) of knowledge. 
        The story is concerned with four students on a preppy campus (/'kæmpəs/) in California. 
        Of course, the Tody Tonight story was only concerned with the latter issue. 
        
        - Be relevant or important to; affect or involve (/ɪn'vɑlv/)
        Synonyms:  affect, be the business of, involve, be relevant (/'relɪvənt/) to, apply to, 
                   pertain (/pɜr'teɪn/) to, have a bearing (/'beərɪŋ/) on, bear on, impact on. 

                   All the evidence bears on the same point. 
                   bear off : mang đi, cuốn đi, lôi đi, đoạt. 
                   This remark has no bearing on the question.                    
                   If you bear too hard on the point of you pencil, it may break.

                   to bear on (upon): có liên quan tới, quy vào
                   all the evidence bears on the same point: tất cả chứng cớ đều quy vào một điểm
                   
                   joy pertain to youth. 


        Ex: She was prying into that which did not concern her. 
        Many thanks to all concerned. 
        Hey, that is an important issue but it concerns the municipality (/mjuː'nɪsɪ'pælətɪ/ (n): thành phố tự trị). 
        This is a wonderful achievement for the club and we would like to wish all concerned the very best of luck. 
        Plice and all concerned parties are working together to bring the culprit or culprits to justice. 
        It is so important for all concerned that we know what people do and do not want. 
        We wish all concerned the very best and let's hope there will be plenty of support from the area. 

        - (concern oneself with) interest or involve oneself in. 
        Synonyms: be associated with, concern oneself with, involve in, involve oneself with, 
                  involve oneself with, get involved in, get involved with, 
        Ex: The first concerns itself with how a person deals with others. 
        Assuming those difficulties are overcome, married people must also concern themselves with how they are perceived by others. 
        In the meantime, I'll be concerning my self with more urgent things like surviving deadlines. 
        There is no point in my concerning myself with what he is or is not doing. 

        - (be concerned in) have a specific connection with or responsibility for. 
        Synonyms: involve oneself in, interest oneself in, take an interest in, 
                  be interested in, be involved in, take a hand in, busy oneself with, 
                  occupy oneself with, devote one's time to, bother oneself with, notice, take notice of
        Ex: Two women were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the management of a brothel and a man, in his 30s, 
        was arrested outside on suspicion of being in possession of a class A drug. 
        Have you ever been concerned in the commission, preparation or organisation of genocide (/'dʒenəʊsaɪd/) or crimes, including
        crimes (/kraɪm/) against humanity (/hjuː'mænətɪ/) and war crimes committed in the course of armed conflict?
        After the arrests, a Greater Manchester police spokesman confirmed: " Ten people
        have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation 
        of acts of terrorism"
        I think these are very, very serious issues as far as the reputation of Ireland is concerned in this matter.

        - (be concerned with / to do sth) regard it as important to do sth 
        Ex: I was mainly concerned with making something that children could enjoy. 
        Leibniz was also concerned with a related idea, that of the algorithm. 
        In their focus on Jesus they are basically concerned with how he relates to current world views and frameworks of understanding. 
        I think  teenagers dare to be concerned with the most important issues and as they grow older they tend to get jaded.
        Here, however, I shall not be concerned with these important nuances.
        Why am I more concerned with analysing and understanding human complexes and the way things are than simpler matters?
        It is fundamentally ontological in nature; that is, it is ultimately concerned with the study of Being.

        - Make (someone) anxious or worried. 
        Ex: The roof of the barn concerns me because eventually it will fall in. 
        

    Ex: As concerns: về việc, đối với. 
    As far as I'm concerned: về phần tôi, đối với tôi.

    pry (/praɪ/) + into : nhìn tò mò / tọc mạch.